# Privacy Policy

We are in charge of keeping and safeguarding the Personal Information under our control. We have appointed an individual or individuals who are responsible for ensuring that our privacy policy is followed. We collect, utilize, and disclose Personal Information to provide you with the product or service you requested as well as to offer you new services we believe you may be interested in. We shall identify the purposes for which we collect Personal Information before or at the time we collect the information. In certain cases, the objectives for which information is gathered are obvious, and consent is implied, such as when you offer your name, address, and email address as part of the service/order process.

Knowledge and consent are required for the collection, use or disclosure of Personal Information except where required or permitted by law. Providing us with your Personal Information is always your choice. However, your decision not to provide certain information may limit our ability to provide you with our products or services. We will not require you to consent to the collection, use, or disclosure of information as a condition to the supply of a product or service, except as required to be able to supply the product or service.

The Personal Information collected will be limited to those details necessary for the purposes identified by us. With your consent, we may collect Personal Information from you in person, over the telephone or by corresponding with you via mail, facsimile, or the Internet. Personal Information may only be used or disclosed for the purpose for which it was collected unless you have otherwise consented, or when it is required or permitted by law. Personal Information will only be retained for the period of time required to fulfill the purpose for which we collected it or as may be required by law. Personal Information will be maintained in as accurate, complete and up-to-date form as is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it is to be used. Personal Information will be maintained in as accurate, complete and up-to-date form as is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it is to be used.

Personal Information will be protected by security safeguards that are appropriate to the sensitivity level of the information. We take all reasonable precautions to protect your Personal Information from any loss or unauthorized use, access or disclosure. We will make information available to you about our policies and practices with respect to the management of your Personal Information. Upon request, you will be informed of the existence, use and disclosure of your Personal Information, and will be given access to it.

You may verify the accuracy and completeness of your Personal Information, and may request that it be amended, if appropriate. However, in certain circumstances permitted by law, we will not disclose certain information to you. For example, we may not disclose information relating to you if other individuals are referenced or if there are legal, security or commercial proprietary restrictions. You may direct any questions or enquiries with respect to our privacy policy or our practices by contacting: 422-5214, 225-2854.